COMPUTERS Computers like the Apple Macintosh and the IBM PC are popular.
COMPUTERS Computers are often used to access the Internet and meet basic business functions.
ECONOMY The Austrian School (also known as the Vienna School or the Psychological School ) is a Schools of economic thought|school of economic thought that emphasizes the spontaneous organizing power of the price mechanism.
ECONOMY Austrians hold that the complexity of subjective human choices makes mathematical modelling of the evolving market extremely difficult (or Undecidable and advocate a "laissez faire" approach to the economy. Austrian School economists advocate the strict enforcement of voluntary contractual agreements between economic agents, and hold that commercial transactions should be subject to the smallest possible imposition of forces they consider to be (in particular the smallest possible amount of government intervention). Economics is the social science that analyzes the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services.
ECONOMY Economy was the earlier name for the subject, but economists in the late 19th century suggested "economics" as a shorter term for "economic science" reflect evolving views of the subject or different views among economists. Scottish philosopher Adam Smith (1776) defined what was then called political economy as "an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations". Economic development refers to not only increase in the output and growth of an economy but includes the various changes in the institutional arrangements through which output is generated. Economic Development refers to the achievement of a new equilibrium over the previously attained equilibrium. It is a micro economic concept with direct relation to Economic Growth as Growth can be achieved with or without development but Economic Development always results in growth. Microeconomics is the study of economics analysing individual players of a market and the structure of such markets. It deals with, as its irreducible base unit, private, public and domestic players. Microeconomics studies how these players interact with each other through individual markets (assuming that there is a scarcity of tradable units and government regulation. A market might deal with a product (such as apples, aluminium and mobile phones), or with services of a factor of production, (brick laying, book printing, food packaging). Microeconomics theory considers the aggregates (the sum of) of quantity demanded by buyers and quantity supplied by sellers, studying each possible price per unit (i.e. supply and demand). It studies the complex interaction between market players both through buying and selling. Theory holds that markets may reach equilibrium between "quantity demanded" and "quantity supplied" (supply and demand) over time. Microeconomics also examines various market structures. Perfect competition describes a market structure such that no participants are large enough to have the market power to set the price of a homogeneous product. Another way of putting this is to say a perfectly competitive market exists when every participant is a "price taker", and no participant influences the price of the product it buys or sells. Imperfect competition refers to market structures where the conditions of perfect competition do not exist. Forms of imperfect competition include: monopoly (in which there is only one seller of a good), duopoly (in which there are only two sellers of a good), oligopoly (in which there are few sellers of a good), monopolistic competition (in which there are many sellers producing highly differentiated goods), monopsony (in which there is only one buyer of a good), and oligopsony (in which there are few buyers of a good). Unlike perfect competition, imperfect competition invariably means market power is unequally distributed. Firms under imperfect competition have the potential to be "price makers", which means that, by holding a disproportionately high share of market power, they can influence the prices of their products. Prices and quantities have been described as the most directly observable attributes of goods produced and exchanged in a market economy. The law of demand states that, in general, price and quantity demanded in a given market are inversely related. That is, the higher the price of a product, the less of it people would be prepared to buy of it (other things unchanged). As the price of a commodity falls, consumers move toward it from relatively more expensive goods (the substitution effect). In addition, purchasing power from the price decline increases ability to buy (the income effect). Other factors can change demand; for example an increase in income will shift the demand curve for a normal good outward relative to the origin, as in the figure. All determinants are predominantly taken as constant factors of demand and supply. Market equilibrium occurs where quantity supplied equals quantity demanded, the intersection of the supply and demand curves in the figure above. At a price below equilibrium, there is a shortage of quantity supplied compared to quantity demanded. This is posited to bid the price up. At a price above equilibrium, there is a surplus of quantity supplied compared to quantity demanded. This pushes the price down. The model of supply and demand predicts that for given supply and demand curves, price and quantity will stabilize at the price that makes quantity supplied equal to quantity demanded. Similarly, demand-and-supply theory predicts a new price-quantity combination from a shift in demand (as to the figure), or in supply. The amount of unemployment in an economy is measured by the unemployment rate, the percentage of workers without jobs in the labour force. The labour force only includes workers actively looking for jobs. People who are retired, pursuing education, or discouraged from seeking work by a lack of job prospects are excluded from the labor force. Unemployment can be generally broken down into several types that are related to different causes. Classical unemployment occurs when wages are too high for employers to be willing to hire more workers. Wages may be too high because of minimum wage laws or union activity. Consistent with classical unemployment, frictional unemployment occurs when appropriate job vacancies exist for a worker, but the length of time needed to search for and find the job leads to a period of unemployment. Structural unemployment covers a variety of possible causes of unemployment including a mismatch between workers' skills and the skills required for open jobs. Money is a means of final payment for goods in most price system economies and the unit of account in which prices are typically stated. The deficit will go down and possibly revert to surpluses. Also debt as a percentage of GDP might be a better way to compare debt loads of countries. Last year the average American spent more than he earned, again, representing the lowest personal savings rate since the Great Depression. The percentage of poor Americans who are living in severe poverty has reached a 32-year high, millions of working Americans are falling closer to the poverty line and the gulf between the nation's "haves" and "have-nots" continues to widen.
HEALTH Prostate cancer. Conversely, smoking seems to raise estrogen levels in men and may be responsible for what appears to be a 50% lower rate of prostate cancer among smokers. Colon cancer, ulcerative colitis.
HEALTH These diseases of the bowel. A chemical that changes the sex hormone testosterone into a substance called dihydrotestosterone. This hormone can cause the prostate gland to grow abnormally. arterioles: Small, muscular branches of arteries. arrhythmia: An abnormal heart rhythm caused by a disturbance in the heart’s electrical system. glycemic index: A ranking of foods according to how quickly and how much they raise blood sugar. glycemic load: A ranking of how much a typical serving of a particular food will raise blood sugar. heart attack: The common term for a myocardial infarction. It refers to the damage that occurs when blood flow to part of the heart is blocked or drastically restricted and colon cancer and ulcerative colitis should be tested for.
HEALTH The blockage usually stems from the rupture of an atherosclerotic plaque. heart failure: The inability of the heart to pump enough blood to meet the needs of the body's organs. heart murmur: An extra or unusual sound heard during the heartbeat. A murmur may or may not be a sign of a problem in the heart. How to Exercise Your Eyes  We all know how important it is to keep our bodies fit by doing things like going to the gym, sex, jogging, and swimming.
HEALTH You name it, if it's an antioxidant, we'll swallow it by the bucket-load. According to some   s around half the adults in the US take antioxidant pills daily in the belief they promote good health and stave off disease. We have become antioxidant devotees. But are they doing us any good? Evidence gathered over the past few years shows that at best, antioxidant supplements do little or nothing to benefit our health. At worst, they may even have the opposite effect, promoting the very problems they are supposed to stamp out.  It's little surprise that antioxidants have acquired a reputation as miracle health supplements.
HEALTH Many diseases - including heart disease, strokes, cancer, diabetes, cataracts, arthritis and neurodegenerative disorders such as Parkinson's and Alzheimer's - were linked to damage caused by highly destructive chemicals called free radicals.
HEALTH In the 1980s, however, a potential weapon against free radical damage appeared on the horizon. Scientists had known for a long time that people whose diets are rich in fruits and vegetables have a lower incidence of heart disease, diabetes, dementia, stroke and certain types of cancer - the very diseases that are associated with free radical damage. Now there was an explanation. Fruits and vegetables are a rich source of antioxidants that can neutralise free radicals by donating electrons to them.  Green plants are full of antioxidants for good reason. They are especially vulnerable to oxidative stress since they produce pure oxygen during photosynthesis. To protect themselves they manufacture an assortment of potent antioxidants.
POLITICS If the United States is accommodating, the North Koreans become accommodating. If the United States is hostile, they become hostile. Dick Cheney declared in Kazakhstan or somewhere that control over pipeline is a &ldquo;tool of intimidation and blackmail.&rdquo; When we have control over the pipelines it's a tool of benevolence. If other countries have control over the sources of energy and the distribution of energy then it is a tool of intimidation and blackmail exactly as Cheney said.
POLITICS And that's been understood as far back as George Kennan and the early post-war days when he pointed out that if the United States controls Middle East resources it'll have veto power over its industrial rivals. The role of the neocons in our government since they invaded and occupied the White House is seldom if ever mentioned by the main stream media.
POLITICS My information sources are limited and it is difficult to assess their credibility but the argument can be made that but for the neocons, we would not be in danger of permanently losing our democracy with its rights and obligations, duties and privileges. The United States is in the middle of a de facto civil war. The combatants are the neocons and their allies, the industrial/military complex, the main stream media, and the fundamentalists on one side and those who are defending our Constitution and the rule of law in general, foreign and domestic, the true patriots, on the other.
POLITICS The United States cannot be both a militaristic empire and a democracy such as was built on the principles set forth in our Constitution. A uni-polar world. Whether we talk about Darfur or Afganistan or Iraq, we are always honing in on a role of intervention. In essentially all of these situations, the context is from one perspective - American/Western hegemony. We rarely, truly understand the complexity, the history and the nuances of nations such as Darfur or Rwanda, and most certainly Iraq.
POLITICS Occasionally, we see horrible conflict and want to stop it; and through military intervention we exchange "their horror" for the one we perpetrate through our "force". More frequently it is pure unadulterated control of a region and its resources or purposes of pure arrogance. The art of life and peace must supplant that of war as the tool for altering the course of conflict. War has always begotten war, regardless of intentions.
POLITICS America's most senior military commanders are prepared to resign if the White House orders a military strike against Iran, according to highly placed defense and intelligence sources. Tension in the Gulf region has raised fears that an attack on Iran is becoming increasingly likely before President George Bush leaves office. The fact that the political parties won't acknowledge this is one reason they are doing a disservice to the voting public. Instead, both parties have a vested interest in the theatrical possibilities created by the idea of graduated tax rates. Notice that I said "the idea of" graduated tax rates. That should not be confused with reality. Democrats argue that taxes on the rich should be raised because others need the money. This wins votes from the legions of voters who aren't rich. Republicans argue, with great piety, that high taxes crush incentives and should be reduced, and that only then will the American way see a new dawn. Politicians talk this way because they generally talk about only one tax: the federal income tax, which offers graduated rates from 10% to 35%. Politicians rarely talk about what real people experience: the true maze of taxes and government benefits. If someone put them all together, we could see what our actual tax burden was. We could see who pays at the highest or lowest rates. A type of governance where those in power refrain from significant actions such as undertaking major legislative programs or senior judicial or public service appointments, but only maintain necessary normal administrative duties.
